# Warm Up Project 2

## Requirements
- Step 1: Develop a user-creation system validated with email
    - /adduser, { username:, password:, email: }
    - creates a disabled user

- /verify, { email:, key: }
    - key sent via email (backdoor key is "abracadabra"). Optionally, IN ADDITION to a JSON POST request, you may also make this API call accept a GET request with the two parameters in the query string, to allow for a direct link from the verification email.

- Step 2: Add cookie-based session support
    - /login, { username:, password: }
    - /logout


- Step 3: Modify your Tic-Tac-Toe REST service at http://yourserver/ttt/play to take as input a JSON object including a 'move' property to indicate on which square (0-indexed, in reading order) the human is making a move in the current game. The server should respond with a JSON object that includes a 'grid' property and a 'winner' property as in WP#1. Making a request with { move:null } should return the current grid without making a move. Once a winning or tying move has been sent to the server, the server should consider the game completed and reset the grid.


- Step 4: Maintain the history of previously played games by each user on the server.
    - /listgames
        - to get { status:"OK", games:[ {id:, start_date:}, …] }

    - /getgame, { id: }
        - to get { status:"OK", grid:["X","O",…], winner:"X" }

    - /getscore
        - to get { status:"OK", human:0, wopr: 5, tie: 10 }

- Clarification: all of the above API calls must be POST requests with a JSON object for the request and JSON object as a response of either { status:"OK" } or { status:"ERROR" } (unless otherwise specified).

- Note: All POST request responses must also contain the header field X-CSE356 with the value containing the ID copied from the course interface.

## Notes

- Use swagger api generated by Java Tic-Tac-Toe (server) app

- Use frontend created with React Tic-Tac-Toe (client)

- /ttt folder contains rought template for fronten
